Overview

This is a Profile Display Web Application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The application allows users to explore profiles, view details, and 
interact with an admin dashboard for managing profiles. It includes features like profile searching, profile management (add/edit/delete), and an interactive UI with animations.

Project Structure

/Project-Folder
│── /images          # Contains profile images, icons, and backgrounds
│── /css             # Contains CSS files for styling
│── /js              # JavaScript files for interactivity
│── sample.html       # Landing page (Sample Page)
│── user.html        # User profile page
│── admin.html       # Admin dashboard for managing users
│── README.md        # Project documentation

Features

1. Sample Page (Landing Page - sample.html)

A visually appealing home page.
Navigation to User Page and Admin Page.
Background styling and introductory animations.

2. User Page (user.html)

Displays a list of profiles with images, names, and aliases.
Search Functionality: Live search option where results update dynamically as the user types.
Interactive UI: Clicking on a profile expands details.
Responsive Design: Works well across different screen sizes.

3. Admin Dashboard (admin.html)

Admin Login: Secure access for administrators.
Profile Management:
Add Profile: Admin can upload a profile picture and enter details.
Edit Profile: Click on a profile to modify its details.
Delete Profile: Admin can remove a profile with a confirmation alert.
Dashboard Menu:
Includes options for Edit, Add, and Delete.
Dropdown functionality when clicking on Dashboard.
Bubble Animation: A chat bubble on the top-left corner that dynamically changes size when typing.

How to Run

Clone or Download the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
Open the Project Folder.
Run the Application:
Open sample.html in a web browser.
Navigate to user.html or admin.html as needed.

Technologies Used

HTML5 for structuring the web pages.
CSS3 for styling and animations.
JavaScript (ES6) for interactivity.
Google Maps API (optional) for location-based data.
Font Awesome for icons.

Future Enhancements

User Authentication System (Login & Signup for security).
Database Integration (Use Firebase or MySQL for real data storage).
Profile Filtering Options (Sort by name, alias, location, etc.).

Contributing

Feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request if you’d like to contribute or suggest improvements!

Created by: Sandra Sajan
📧 Contact: sandrasajanmathew@gmail.com
